You will develop a simple version of a NFT (Non-Fungible Token) trading marketplace website. [NFT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-fungible_token ) is a digital identifier associated with a digital content (for example an image or a video) that also establishes its ownership. Transactions such as change in ownership of NFT are recorded on a [blockchain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockchain ) platform which is basically a distributed database. Data on blockchain has the property of being immutable hence it is widely used to validate sequence of events from past for digital transactions such as the ones related to NFTs. An NFT trading marketplace website where NFTs are sold or purchased therefore provides the functionality for users to upload their digital art work to be traded as an NFT. The marketplace also provides the functionality of  recording NFT related transactions on a blockchain after transactions are validated. To trade NFTs,  users also need to have their own individual [crypto wallets](https://crypto.com/university/crypto-wallets ) with tokens that can be used to buy or sell NFT artwork. A token is a digital form of an equivalent asset such as cash or crypto. A crypto wallet stores users private keys which is used to access digital tokens stored on blockchain and used in place of actual money for transactions. Users public key is stored on the blockchain and together the private and public key are used to enable transactions such as buying and selling of NFTs. 
